docs: :memo: update the README file (#76)
rostools/github-intro: README.md

# An introductory workshop on using GitHub

[![License: CC BY
4.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC%20BY%204.0-lightgrey.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)

## Description

GitHub is increasingly used as a platform for collaborating and sharing
research projects, not only for code but for documents. This workshop

> aims to introduce participants to the basics of using GitHub for

Reviewer: In this section the word “participants” is used, while in the latter sections it’s “learners”. Should this be aligned?

Author: Good point. Let's align on learner :relaxed:

> collaboration and version control. The workshop is designed for

Reviewer: Is it collaboration though with no branching and PRs/reviews? Is the collaboration referring to commenting on issues?

participants who have little to no experience with Git and GitHub.

This repository mainly contains the workshop material that both the
participants and instructors use during the workshop. It also includes

> files that build support building the website as well as configurations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
files that support building the website as well as configurations
```

and documents for contributors.

For more detail on the workshop itself, check out the [welcome
page](https://github-intro.rostools.org).

## Instructional Design

The material in this workshop is designed to be presented primarily with
a participatory live-"typing" approach. This involves an instructor
doing the tasks on screen live in front of the learners, while the

> learners follow along using their own computers. Activities to support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
learners follow along by doing the tasks on their own computers. Activities to support
```

learning are interspersed throughout the workshop material, allowing
participants to discuss with their neighbours or work on smaller

> problems for a few minutes to reinforce learning. All material are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
problems to reinforce learning. All material are
```
The exercises are  (at least set to be) more than a few minutes :)

provided ahead of time on the workshop website for participants to refer
to at any point.

## Workshop content

> The workshop material is found mainly in these folders on the
> repository:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The workshop material is found mainly in these folders in the
repository or on the [workshop website](https://github-intro.rostools.org):
```
This almost makes it sound like learners should look at the files and not on the website, which is why I added the last part of the sentence here.

-   `index.Rmd`: Contains the overview of the workshop. This is the

>     landing page for the website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    landing page of the website.
```

-   `preamble/` folder: Contains the files necessary for use before the
    workshop, for instance the syllabus, schedule, and pre-workshop
    tasks.
-   `sessions/` folder: Contains the files used during the workshop
    (e.g. code-along material).
-   `appendix/` folder: Contains the files used to support the workshop,
    such as resources and instructions for instructors.

> -   `slides/`: The presentation slides used for the workshop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `slides/`: Contains the presentation slides used for the workshop.
```

## Re-use

The workshop is largely designed to be taught in the order given, as

> each session builds off of the previous ones. The easiest way to use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
each session builds off of the previous one(s). The easiest way to use
```

this material is to use it as-is, making use of the tips and
instructions found throughout its pages. The only thing you might want

> to make as your own would be the slides, however, they are also good
> enough to use on their own too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to make as your own would be the slides, however, they can also
be used on their own.
```

> But if you want to customize a bit more, the best approach is to fork

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to customize the content a bit more, the best approach is to fork
```
